# Pom-and-Honey-Point-of-Sales-System
  Project created in my CSCE-315 course where a complete POS system was created using a PostgreSQL database in conjunction with Express and CSS languages. This was a semester long project done in collaboration with 4 other students in an Agile design process utilizing Confluence for communication.

  This system handles all of the relevant Point of Sales interactions that occur within the fast food resturant Pom and Honey. It features customer, employee and manager views. The customer is able to view the menu online, see nearby locations through the integrated Google Maps API, as well as place an order online. The employee view allows employees to take in-store orders in a quick and efficient manner while only exposing the relevant functionalities for the position. Managers are able to both see the employee view as well as further information such as inventory, analytics and employee information. They can place orders for low inventory items and generate reports based on specific timelines, menu items or combinations of purchases. This is done through the creation of multiple REST APIs that communicate with backend database in the form of Sales, Restock and Excess Reports. It was important to us during development that the website is accessible for all groups, hence our website abides by WCAG standards. The user is able to change the coloring and formatting on the pages between 2 unique styles that are known to be color blind and low-vision user friendly, and is integrated with the Google Translate API.

  This project completed on github.tamu.edu on my TAMU account JamesEvans25. In order to display this project it has been transferred over to my personal gituhb, however it should be noted that it was completed in collaboration with Konner Blight, Nick Janocik, Sasan Lotfi and Yassin Dolliazal.
